docs: Mention default compressions for COG (#3736)
OSGeo/gdal: gdal/doc/source/drivers/raster/cog.rst

        like subsetting, etc.) are used.

- **OVERVIEW_COMPRESS=[AUTO/NONE/LZW/JPEG/DEFLATE/ZSTD/WEBP/LERC/LERC_DEFLATE/LERC_ZSTD]**:
  Set the compression method (see ``COMPRESS``) to use when storing the overviews in the COG.
  

>   By default (``AUTO``) the overviews will be created with the same predictor as the COG.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  By default (``AUTO``) the overviews will be created with the same compression method as the COG.
```

Author: /me curses copy'n'paste.

Thank you!
